create aleph alpha integration doc (#190)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/integrations/aleph-alpha-search.md

[2017 validation split](http://images.cocodataset.org/zips/train2017.zip) that contains 5K images from different 
categories.

## Prerequisites

There is no need to curate your datasets and train the models. [Aleph Alpha](https://www.aleph-alpha.com/), already has multimodality and multilinguality already built-in. There is an [official Python client](https://github.com/Aleph-Alpha/aleph-alpha-client) that simplifies the integration. [can be integrated seamlessly](https://qdrant.tech/documentation/integrations/#aleph-alpha).

In order to enable the search capabilities, you need to build the search index to query on. For our purposes, 
we are going to vectorize the images and store their embeddings along with the filenames, we can then return the most 
similar files for given query. There are two things we need to set up before we start though:

1. A Qdrant instance has to be running. If you want to launch it locally,
   [Docker is the fastest way to do that](https://qdrant.tech/documentation/quick_start/#installation).
2. You need to have a [Aleph Alpha account registered and confirmed](https://app.aleph-alpha.com/). Once it’s done, 

>    the API key has to be created (see: [API Tokens](https://app.aleph-alpha.com/profile)).

Reviewer: Perhaps use active voice, i.e. "Once that's done, create an API key (...)" here.

> Once it’s done we can store the Aleph Alpha API key in a variable and choose the model we’re going to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we can store the Aleph Alpha API key in a variable and choose the model we’re going to use.
```
